Oh
chef Anya tamale under panicky Jarrah or
I didn't go go she can go go Oh Musa
botany Kouta in dunya me mr. Maranzano
named Percival Kirara hey Phil you see
bodka message liquor RAAF LM konami
Lakshmi extra from Lakshmi
Durga apne Bhagwan open on the extension
in me licking do silikov Jovanka see in
Sanko
you see it's niibori retorno semaj key
is it Newbury Street is a GU Sarna all
miss Kelly's a Mazda made our head
Bisceglie a message Laker egg film era
he kept our word icky bodka ghana hey or
Nagasaki boat Ypres car Buddha Mitaka is
my parish I Manta Hunico kiosk a
contemporary you me who noona koala KO
jo video but i have about the rock style
Cabana
what
you
it was fantastic of Awesome we also see
this with Lakshmi is something that is
special for me so I have such companies
as I was enjoy the images really was
very mellow enjoy our journey continue
further but as mayor as an audience not
as a single I will say in a video so
media killakee research lead here first
time playing like more than 10 years
younger than what I am the Metro besides
the woolie
so to play that the research was the
most important thing to take care of was
actually under me Manali
as a suspicion me what people shy that
much Chiquita Rochester many Laxmi may
curiosity acting ethically I would walk
with everybody so I'm as a coin-op Neela
sexy I want to work with every single
talented amazing people that we have in
the industry film Kalia coffee
Ghana compose key a gay and as you know
the film's music directors tapas Vania
or film a three specific songs head Joe
already film a embedded head but ache
essa uplifting Cavalli sort of Punta
where we said that the film has a
certain pacing so he's very specific
point we didn't find well you know it
could fit but the song was composed
right at the time that we were doing you
know all of them music so then I came up
with his idea where it plays at the end
of the film actually film Casati Jarawa
but it plays in the end of the film that
why don't we do something which is more
of like a promotional song and actually
get to shoot a music video with Kailash
Kher